oh everyone today i will introduce a
movie called the most beautiful day to
all you guys
this man is fenno who has had fits of
narcolepsy his whole life he can sleep
everywhere even while driving on the
highway
one day venno goes to the hospital and
doctor diagnosed him with an incurable
brain tumor
he told benny that he doesn't have much
time left to live but as a result
he fell asleep again oh ends up in the
hospital in the room next blonde andy
who always has a dream to be a famous
pianist
and he has pulmonary fibrosis and no
immune system left so he will soon be
dead
andy often makes a vlog about his
terminal illness doctor said to andy
that he may not be able to hold on the
lung although he has been waiting for
three years
he was absolutely desperate and went to
the rooftop to record
the last video then we'll prevent sandy
when andy's going to commit suicide by
jumping from the building and they be
friends with each other that day i know
found that there were a lot of express
delivery these all are bought by a man
who's going to die soon this made benno
had an idea
he woke andy up and told him that he
wanted to use his credit card to do
things that normal people would not dare
to do
and he immediately agreed with benno the
two came to the bank first but andy's
always inseparable from the oxygen mask
so they ended in
failure but then benno found a lot of
things with zero down payment
therefore they went crazy shopping for
all kinds of goods
then they came to the black market even
the wedding ring they buy everything
that can be exchanged for money
after that they rented a car and came to
benno's friends to sell it
by selling everything they have millions
of dollars in cash
first of all the two drive an expensive
sport car for a walk
they live stream it and get a lot of
likes from viewers and
he doesn't have driving license and this
is the first time he has experienced
driving
and he comes back to hospital and he's
watching the video happily
thano comes to his ex-wife's house
because he wants to meet his daughter
whom he hasn't met for a long time
but his mother-in-law told him that his
ex-wife is not at home she is getting
married
in africa she said he'd best go home
better told andy that he want to share
the money and leave the hospital
but andy said that he wanted to go with
him firstly
andy pulled the heavy oxygen bottle out
the remaining problem is how to get the
medicine
they plan that veno will pretend to be
poisoned to attract the nurse's
attention
then andy seizes an opportunity to take
the medicine quietly after taking the
medicine
the two men come to the airport and
randomly selected a destination
displayed on the screen
their first stop is the beach and they
don't forget to record a video to show
their trip
their travel videos before they died
were on top trending on the youtube
and he caught up with a beautiful girl
then they did the things more than the
friendship
meanwhile thano got a secondhand car and
was ready to move on
they come to the africa and despite
andy's dissuasion benno still buys bulk
african food
and the result is that he can't stop
vomiting and diarrhea
at night and he can't breath and he's
afraid that he will die
then he immediately took him to the
tower crane and throws the oxygen bottle
away hannah makes sandy thoroughly
experience what the fear is
and he creeps over slowly than i
encouraged him to move on the worst
situation is just
falling down the matter is not the death
important thing is that what you can do
before you die
then bennu fell asleep while he was
jumping up and down
which made him almost fall down
fortunately andy was strapped to him
the two spent the whole night like this
until the workers found out and let them
down
on the way andy needs to go toilet and
he thought that there are no people here
and then they can [ __ ] in here
but a lion comes and looks at him but it
seems to consider andy as a toilet it
pees up his face then leaves
[Music]
andy was so excited he felt fearless so
he decided to throw all the medicine
away driving the gas station
and he started uploading videos he has
received hundreds of thousands like and
he became braver he took
action when seeing bad guys bully the
poor fortunately veno appeared and lit
gasoline under his feet with a cigarette
they ran away from there
but there was a africa kid on their car
after discussing
the two men decided to bring the child
along with them
at that time andy discovered the secret
dental has been hiding for
so long that he just wanted to use andy
to find his ex-wife and they began to
argue
at the wedding bennu pulled out a lot of
money and told his ex-wife that now he's
a rich person
[Music]
and this made her very sad she said that
benno never knew the reason why she left
him
it's all because of his lack of progress
and sense of responsibility
the two were talking in the wild and in
the next day they found their car was
stolen by that africa kid
now they don't what to do andy just has
only one oxygen bottle left
they're picked up by a truck while
walking on the road
[Music]
they climb to the mountain and get ready
to end their lives here
although they don't know which day of
the trip is the best but this day must
be the most exciting day
anna takes out his gun and points it at
handy gunshot rang out
fennel just dried and he almost peed his
pants
then fennel had intention to suicide by
swallowing the gun
and he said dying like that would be
very unsightly
when they hesitate andy receives a
message from the hospital
that means they found the donor
recipient matching in lung
transplantation
benno thought it might be a police trap
because they cheated millions dollar to
travel
and he thinks spano's jealous with him
because he doesn't have to die
they broke up in bad mood andy's on the
plane to back home
after listening the doctor he knew that
the situation was not as good as what he
thought
because there's no matching lung the
doctor just wanted to inform finno that
he took the wrong film
veno sees his daughter falls asleep
while she's playing on the beach
he immediately went to his ex-wife's
house and told them the daughter may
have the same disease as him
treatment should be carried out quickly
but his ex-wife said that it was just
narcolepsy moreover this film is not his
either veno went to sleep again when he
was excited
theno's ex-wife told him that he
wouldn't die but then oh thought of andy
and rushed back immediately
the nurse told benno andy's lung was
infected with the cooperation of the
nurse tenno slipped into the ward
avoiding the police
he took andy to the rooftop to see the
sun rise together
and he knows he can't live much longer
after these days
he finally found the true meaning of the
life and be friends with the most
sincere man in this world
and he thought that the most important
thing before you die is what you will do
and who you are with
and you leaned on benno he left quietly
with a smile
not long after benno went to court on a
charge of fraud
the lawyer tried to defend him by using
his illness but thanos said this
misdiagnosis was his most wonderful
experience
people don't want to talk about the
death but whatever is destined to happen
will happen
the death is not that terrible the
important thing is that you can cherish
every moment before it comes